change the generated queries in graphql data modeling (#4239)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/graphql/data-modeling.mdx

## Advanced

> ### Rename generated queries, mutations, and subscriptions

Reviewer: restore `, mutations, and subscriptions` for consistency with following examples

> You can override the names of any `@model`-generated GraphQL queries, mutations, and subscriptions by supplying the desired name for the queries, mutations, and subscriptions. You can also disable specific operations by assigning their value to `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override the names of any `@model`-generated GraphQL queries, mutations, and subscriptions by supplying the desired name.
```

```graphql
type Todo @model(queries: { get: "queryFor" }) {

>   content: String!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	name: String!
  description: String
```

for consistency with sample Todo schema created from `amplify add api`

}
```

> In the example above, you'll be able to run a `queryForTodo` query to get a single Todo element. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, we will be able to run a `queryForTodo` query to get a single Todo element. 
```

for consistency with following examples

### Disable generated queries, mutations, and subscriptions

We can disable specific operations by assigning their value to `null`.

```graphql
type Todo @model(queries: { get: null }, mutations: null, subscriptions: null) {

>   content: String!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	name: String!
	description: String
```

}
```

> The example above, diables the mutations, subscriptions and the `getTodo` query specifically. While allowing us to run other queries such as `listTodo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example above disables the `getTodo` query, all mutations, and all subscriptions while allowing the generation other queries such as `listTodo`.
```

### Creating a custom query

> We can create a custom query that enables us to retrive a single Todo element even if the `queries: { get: null}` has been disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can disable the `get` query and create a custom query that enables us to retrieve a single Todo model.
```

> ```graphql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```graphql
type Todo @model(queries: { get: null }) {
  name: String!
  content: String
}

```

type Query {

>    getTodo(id: ID!): Todo @function(name: "your function")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   getMyTodo(id: ID!): Todo @function(name: "getmytodofunction-${env}")
```

}
```

> The example above creates a custom query that utilizes the `@function` directive to call a lambda function for this query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example above creates a custom query that utilizes the `@function` directive to call a Lambda function for this query.
```
